Document 204 response code (#610)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: guidelines/responses.md

## Content-type

> The API responds with `Content-Type` set to `application/json` and JSON content in body. In case of 204 response, the `Content-Type` header is not set and response body is empty. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API responds with `Content-Type` set to `application/json`, and with JSON content in the body. In case of a 204 response (see [Request minimal response](requests.md#request-minimal-response)), the `Content-Type` header is _not_ set and the response body is empty. 
```

## Response codes

> In case of success, the HTTP status code is either 200 and the content contains result according to the call, or the client may opt-in to receive 204 code. In case of error, there are multiple HTTP status codes for different types of errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of success, the HTTP status code is normally 200 and the content contains the result according to the nature of the request. The client may opt-in to instead receive HTTP status code 204 in certain circumstances, see [Request minimal response](requests.md#request-minimal-response). In case of error, there are multiple HTTP status codes for different types of errors.
```

* **200 OK**

>   * Success response. The content contains the result according to the call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Success response. The content contains the result according to the nature of the request.
```

* **204 No Content**

>   * Success response, the content is empty. Clients can opt-in to receive this response code by setting the `Prefer` header to `return=minimal` in the request; see [Request minimal response](requests.md#request-minimal-response).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Success response, the content is empty. Clients can opt-in to receive this response code, see [Request minimal response](requests.md#request-minimal-response).
```
